1374734603
AddAuthorizationStuffToUsers	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/db/migrate/20130724133529_add_authorization_stuff_to_users.rb	class AddAuthorizationStuffToUsers 
Application	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreateMicroposts	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/db/migrate/20130722123945_create_microposts.rb	class CreateMicroposts 
CreateUsers	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/db/migrate/20130722122314_create_users.rb	class CreateUsers 
Micropost	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/app/models/micropost.rb	class Micropost 
MicropostTest	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/test/unit/micropost_test.rb	class MicropostTest 
MicropostsController	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/app/controllers/microposts_controller.rb	class MicropostsController 
MicropostsControllerTest	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/test/functional/microposts_controller_test.rb	class MicropostsControllerTest 
MicropostsHelper	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/app/helpers/microposts_helper.rb	module MicropostsHelper
MicropostsHelperTest	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/test/unit/helpers/microposts_helper_test.rb	class MicropostsHelperTest 
TestCase	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
Teste	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/config/application.rb	module Teste
User	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserSession	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/app/models/user_session.rb	    class UserSession 
UserSessionsController	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	class UserSessionsController 
UserSessionsControllerTest	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/test/functional/user_sessions_controller_test.rb	class UserSessionsControllerTest 
UserSessionsHelper	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/app/helpers/user_sessions_helper.rb	module UserSessionsHelper
UserSessionsHelperTest	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/test/unit/helpers/user_sessions_helper_test.rb	class UserSessionsHelperTest 
UserTest	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/test/unit/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
UsersControllerTest	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	class UsersControllerTest 
UsersHelper	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	module UsersHelper
UsersHelperTest	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/test/unit/helpers/users_helper_test.rb	class UsersHelperTest 
change	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/db/migrate/20130722123945_create_microposts.rb	  def change
change	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/db/migrate/20130724133529_add_authorization_stuff_to_users.rb	  def change
change	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/db/migrate/20130722122314_create_users.rb	  def change
create	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/app/controllers/microposts_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	      def create 
current_user	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	def current_user
current_user_session	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	def current_user_session
destroy	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/app/controllers/microposts_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	    def destroy 
edit	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/app/controllers/microposts_controller.rb	  def edit
index	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/app/controllers/microposts_controller.rb	  def index
new	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/app/controllers/microposts_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def new
show	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/app/controllers/microposts_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
update	/home/admilson/ssror13/teste/app/controllers/microposts_controller.rb	  def update
